Clarify recommended customization of build scripts (#5469)
dotnet/arcade: Documentation/ArcadeSdk.md

### Build scripts

Arcade provides common build scripts in the [eng/common](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/tree/master/eng/common) folder:

- eng/common/[build.ps1](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/tree/master/eng/common/build.ps1)|[build.sh](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/tree/master/eng/common/build.sh)

  The scripts are designed to be used by repos that need a single `MSBuild` invocation to restore, build, package and test all projects in the repo. These scripts are thin wrappers calling into functions defined in `eng/common/tools.ps1|sh`. If the repository needs to run additional builds or commands it is recommended to create `eng/build.ps1|sh` scripts in the repository using `eng/common/build.ps1|sh` as a template and customize the implementation as necessary. These custom scripts should use common helpers and global variables defined in `eng/common/tools.ps1|sh` and provide command line switches that are a superset of the ones provided by `eng/common/build.ps1|sh`. 

- eng/common/[tools.ps1](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/tree/master/eng/common/tools.ps1)|[tools.sh](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/tree/master/eng/common/tools.sh)

>   Defined global variables and functions used in all builds scripts. This include helpers that install .NET SDK, invoke MSBuild, locate Visual Studio, report build telemetry, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Defines global variables and functions used in all builds scripts. This includes helpers that install .NET SDK, invoke MSBuild, locate Visual Studio, report build telemetry, etc.
```

> - eng/common/[CIBuild.cmd](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/tree/master/eng/common/CIBuild.cmd)|[cibuild.sh](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/tree/master/eng/common/cibuild.sh)

Reviewer: May help to additionally clarify what the "-ci" option is  and its purpose.  ie, we want local builds and ci builds to behave identically, but there are some behaviors which are required by ci and we ensure those are specified when "ci" is defined.

Author: I'll leave that for another time :)

Perhaps the best place to add more info would be here:
https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/master/eng/common/tools.ps1#L5
